Hello, my name is Volha Blossom, and I need your help.
What is your birthdate?
May 13, 2003.
What is the problem?
I have done hip-hop dancing all my life, but I know it is not what I'm meant to do.
I want to do ballet, but every time I begin the positions, I fall.
When will I get better at ballet?
She will never succeed.
I believe in this one.
I think definitely.
Improvement is subjective, and it is your enjoyment that truly marks the success of your efforts in an emotional art.
I do love ballet, I guess I shouldn't worry about how long. It's the journey of learning that is the best part.
Thank you so much!
You need to work harder, as improvement will only come as quick as your efforts.
You're right, I shouldn't worry about the time it takes.
Ballet takes years of work, I just have to keep at it.
You will not improve; you have greater skills destined for you elswhere that you need to learn to appreciate.
Hip-hop is not my calling. I know this for certain, but I still have to return? This cannot be the only way...
You need to cease quickly, as only anguish will come from continuing.
I have worked very hard to even begin this journey. I know myself and I can tell there is potential in me.
You are a sorry excuse for a psychic.
Hello, my name is Dr. Washington.
January 1, 1979.
I have been researching the cure for a debilitating desease, called Mysticusmus Arcaninium, for years.
I have found the cure, and was about to send the only sample to the Doctor Association for review.
However, my patient is going to die this upcoming weekend based on his condition from this disease.
Should I give him my only cure?
The cure doesn't work.
There will be many more deseases if you sacrifice your sample for one, you must send your work for long-term betterment.
I suppose you are correct. Thank you for the insight.
You will become renowed if you submit the research. Your years of work are greater than that of one patient.
I mean, I wouldn't say it that bluntly, but I know you are right.
My efforts cannot go to waste.
I will go submit this sample!
You must give him the cure. He has but a few days while you have decadet left to replicate it.
But what will he bring with renewed years?
My work is of greater value and could save so many more.
These are the hard decisions someone of your trade could not understand...
You are troubling yourself with no purpouse; the cure is a lie.
My years of research? You're crazy. I was stupid for coming here.
Now what...
Hello, I'm Manaya Kiro.
June 2, 2012.
(She must be lying...What reason might she have?)
There is someone I like.
Though he doesn't seem to like me back!!!
Will he ever love me?
He will never love her.
Do not sacrifice your years in wait. Trust that if love is to come, you do not need to work for it.
So I shouldn't think about it and push too hard...
And he will eventually come around! Of course!!!
Thank you so much!
He will return his love for you in due time.
Yay!!! So I just have to wait.
Of course he loves me, was there any doubt?
It is better to think of all the different options that may bless you.
But why can I not have him?
I just need to work harder, nothing is for sure.
He will never love you back, so you must give your precious time to greater concerns.
Wow!!! So harsh...
I'm sorry you don't have much of a love like like I so.
Good bye.
Greetings, my name is Tarojo Juko.
January 25, 1971.
I am on my death bed at the nearby hospital.
I am waiting on my medicine, but I am at a point where I have lost hope.
Will I get help and survive? Or should I enjoy my final days...
Idk man...
Live with patience, for you will survive. Your doctor has figured something out.
I didn't realise my doctor have been working so hard for me.
Thank you for your insight...
You will overcome your ilness.
I guess I have nothing but to take your word for it.
I hope it is true.
Consider enjoying the life you have left.
I knew it was the truth deep down...
Why is the world so unkind?
The doctor has a faulty cure for you.
So what has he been doing? Sitting around and making ineffective medicine...
What was the point of sitting and waiting to die until now...
Hi...My name is Alexey Ruben...
March 1, 2010.
I am going to go to college soon. I will get into a top school!
I have worked so hard; I don't have any hobbies and I don't go out with my friends.
My research had been published in 500 scientific journals!!!
So, which top college am I going to?
He will be exposed for fradulent application information and not go to college this year.
You will attend a Bevo League University.
Wow!!! I knew it.
I hope it's UT Austin.
Thank you for the assurance!
You will end up in a college that treats you well.
Well the only ones that can treat me well are the top 20s, so hooray!
i can't wait to go!
Consider the truthfulness and authenticity of your applications. Be sure it is who you truly are in order to endup where you want to be.
What are you insinuating???
Of course, I am working hard to stand out as an applicant.
Enjoy your las years of youth, there are greater things beyond simply higher education.
Well we can see what thinking like that did to you.
It's just as I thought, this is all a trick.
Hello there! My name is Betson Maroot.
May 3, 2004.
I am going to graduate next year with a double major in Quantum Physics and Neuroscience.
But I love beets so much!!! There is so much potential in them.
I am going to drop out and start a beetroot business.
How will it go?
The beetroot business will be slowgoing.
Your beetroot business will have bounds of success.
See? I am going to be rich. The beets can be soup, stew, snacks, preserved, dyes-
It is better to finish your education before pursuing your goals.
What do you mean by that?
I guess I am close to graduating, I might as well.
But then, here I come beets!
The business will not be like you have thought to be.
How could people not want beets?
They're so versatile; it is just not possible.
You will find yourself more stagnant in life than ever before by the roots of beet.
How could the beets do that to me?
Is that a threat???
Maybe YOU should watch your back. For the beets...
Hi, my name is Ottarmar Fabian.
November 9, 2005.
I am a summer camp councelor, and a young girl, like 6 years-old, has been stalking my house.
Now, at first I thought she was a kid who just liked me. But I think her idea of loving comments is making very scary threats.
Is she actually planning something evil against me? Or is this just regular childish behaivor? I'm scared...
Someone will show a display of love through quickly vastly overgrown florals in his yard.
Do not be fearful of the creative, imaginative minds of little children.
Yeah, what was I thinking?
These little kids have too much energy...That's why they're in summer camp to begin with.
Nothing of true great harm will come to you.
I sure hope so!
She can't be planning anything evil, she's 6!
Your garden is at risk of being tampered with many flowers.
What? How could she do such a thing?
First stalking, and now actually destroying my property?!
She is persistent in showing her love for you through a bold display of affection.
What does this vague advice mean?!
What is she going to do? And why is she so set on doing so?!
Ahhh!!!
Er, hello. My name is Alma Heaven.
February 7, 2004.
My boyfriend cheated on me. I'm still processing it.
We've been together for 3 years basically. I've been a little unloyal a couple of times, but this time it's actuallycrazy.
He got with my best friend, and that is 10x worse than whatever I've done.
We've been together so long, what do I do? Do I break off them both?
He did this to get rid of her.
You're better than staying with someone who would commit infidelity; it is best to leave and be your best self.
Yeah, I'm better than staying with a loser who does stuff like that.
And my EX-best friend is even stupider for being a part of it.
You must display your dominance and commit one final act of infidelity.
You're right.
How could I let him have the last laugh?!
The people around you are products of your own beliefs and actions.
What are you saying?
I need to disassociate with these bad influences...
You must reflect on your own actions that may have caused this and take your punishment in stride.
My punishment?! I have been nothing but a loving girlfriend.
You wouldn't know the complexity of a healthy relationship if I hit you in the face.
Hello, nice to meet you. My name is Sol Eveline.
December 31, 2006.
I never break the law or do anything bad.
Someone encouraged me to take a drug for fun, since everyone was...just once!
I didn't want to, I would never do something like that on my own, really, and now I am scared I am going to die!!!
Am I going to die?
She is going to die.
If you believe in following the rules, you must accept the punishment that comes with it.
So, I am going to die?
Well, I guess that is my punishment. Huh...
Okay...
Take care of yourself and remember to not let others repeat your grave mistakes.
I'm going to die?
What do I do...How do I tell people?
It is unlike you to succumb to the result of your opposite morals.
It was just a mistake!!!
Are you cursing me?
This is so unfair!
You are going to die.
WHAT?!
it was literally one time, how dare you have the audacity to say something like that so bluntly?
Have you thought of prophesizing that for yourself?
Astronomical salutations. I am Glorp.
The Great Waning of the Moon.
It is my first day here on Earth.
What is it that you all do here?
It enjoys the most human activities.
The root of enjoying human activities is to understand and appreciate the value. Start your human eduaction journey and along this path you will find community.
Ahhh, humans find friends through similar interests.
I will learn to study humans, with other humans who want to study themselves...
There is a human world of connection in a different dimention, online. Try playing a video game.
Hmmm, videogame, blorp.
I will try it out.
The smartest humans work hard to crunch numbers and fly into the galaxy.
And this is normal?
i guess human society may not be as fun-filled as I thought...
you cannot comprehend human culture and appreciate it if you are not one.
Wow, ok.
You are wrong on so many levels.
You better watch the skies at night; I'm warning you...
Oooo, my name is Elieen Mona. You know me, yuh. ~
March 2, 1987 ~
Wow, she really loves to sing.
I am a very famous singer. ~
But this life is tiring. I don't like singing enough to do this forever ~
What would a career change look like? ~
She loves to sing; she will incorporate it into any job she has.
Your voice is a source of joy for many, consider diverting to philanthropy and helping with your meditative melodies.
Yes! I can see my efforts work directly. ~
My wealth and voice could help so many. ~ ~ ~
Many singers branch out to new ventures. You can continue your singing and start an enterprise.
I do like caring for myself. ~
Maybe I will make a make-up brand; it's unique and nobody's done that before. ~ ~
Your love for singing is clear , it may be best to not stray from this path.
WHa are you to say that? ~
The outside is not as it seems; I want to enjoy life in all directions. ~
Consider being a mascot or advertiser for a place, your voice will attract many.
how lonw of a career change do you think I'm going for? ~
I'm still going to be famous... ~ ~ ~